Added integrating with Slack topic (#34024)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/configure-slack.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * integration/integrate-with-slack.adoc
:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="configure-slack_{context}"]
= Configuring Slack

Start by creating a new Slack App, and get the webhook URL.

.Procedure
. Create a new Slack App:
+
[NOTE]
====
If you want to use an existing Slack App, go to https://api.slack.com/apps and select an app.
====
.. Navigate to https://api.slack.com/apps/new.
.. Enter the *App Name* and choose a *Development Slack Workspace* to install your app.
.. Click *Create App*.

> . On the settings page, *Basic Information* section, select *Incoming Webhooks* (under *Add features and functionality*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Under *Basic Information*, click *Incoming Webhooks*.
```
(I'd avoid parentheses and also try to minimize describing the Slack interface, which is subject to change at any time.)

. Turn on the *Activate Incoming Webhooks* toggle.

> . Select *Add New Webhook to Workspace*.

Reviewer: Playing along at home, I only see "Request to Add New Webhook" presumably because I need admin approval. Do you want to add a prereq or a note in this spot that you must be an admin or receive admin approval to get past the webhook step?

. Choose a *channel* that the app will post to, and then select *Authorize*.
The page refreshes and you are sent back to your app settings page.

> . *Copy* the *Webhook URL*, under the *Webhook URLs for Your Workspace* section.

Reviewer: We don't markup commands like "Copy" and here, I don't think you could generalize the first "webhook URL" because I don't think it's a title or label in the GUI, though maybe I'm wrong.

```suggestion
. Copy the webhook URL located in the *Webhook URLs for Your Workspace* section.
```
